Doc update #2364 (#2446)
IBM/FHIR: docs/src/pages/guides/FHIRPerformanceGuide.md

Enabling this optimization is recommended. See the IBM FHIR Server release notes for more details.

## 3.6. Usage of Server Resource Provider

> The IBM FHIR Server supports a dynamic registry of StructureDefinition resources; when a user creates a StructureDefinition, the IBM FHIR Server executes a Search against the StructureDefinition resource to find the related profiles during validation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The IBM FHIR Server has a dynamic registry of conformance resources. The built-in "ServerRegistryResourceProvider" can be used to provide conformance resources from a tenant data store to the registry.
When enabled, this means that each call to the registry (e.g. for extension StructureDefinition lookups during resource creation) can result in a round trip to the database.
```

> The IBM FHIR Server team recommends the dynamic registry has the following configuration setting:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For optimal performance, the IBM FHIR Server team recommends to disable this resource provider via the following setting:
```

* `[parameter]=[system]|[code]`
* `[parameter]=|[code]`

> Token-based searches should include a code-system when possible. The same code value might exist in multiple code-systems, Unless the code-system is included in the search query, the database join may need to consider multiple matches in order to find all the associated resources. This multiplies the amount of work the database must do to execute the query. This also impacts cardinality estimation by the optimizer. If both the code-system and code value are provided, this matches a unique index in the schema allowing the optimizer to infer the SQL fragment will produce a single row.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Token-based searches should include a code-system when possible. The same code value might exist in multiple code-systems and so, unless the code-system is included in the search query, the database join may need to consider multiple matches in order to find all the associated resources. This multiplies the amount of work the database must do to execute the query. This also impacts cardinality estimation by the optimizer. If both the code-system and code value are provided, this matches a unique index in the schema allowing the optimizer to infer the SQL fragment will produce a single row.
```
